What? Howdy. How's it going? Good. Just, uh, Hanging out. How have you guys been? Be good. I fall in. Hello, Abby. Just got the kids down. Enjoying the nice weather now. Now it's business time. That's right. No break. Yeah. What's right? Yeah, I jump right into it, but... I've been thinking about this a bit. Yeah, I see this, uh, there's some. There's some schematics here. Yeah, I guess I've been thinking about this for a while, so I was, I think I texted you this. I was talking to my buddy on a small group. He has a, he does a small business. He, like, installs security cameras and does, like, group women and stuff. Yeah, okay. his just the software he uses is not very good. And this is, this is basically what I've been doing a lot for, but he is working with this software, so I'm pretty familiar with this, but... Well, you work you work with us at, uh, your new job? Yeah, so I do cost and schedule for construction projects. So it's basically the same deal on a much longer scale, but this is this is what I do. But it's for, it's for million, $100 million projects instead of this would be much, much smaller, like 10,000 model projects. Right. It's the same, it's the same principles. It's the same idea. Yeah, I guess I guess I didn't connect the dots that you, like, actually work with the software, not just working with contractors in general. Yeah. It's like, yeah, Pro 4, I don't I haven't used Pro 4 specifically, but I've used a couple of other softwares. AKX is an oral product. It's basically the same thing as Propore. But, cool. I work with that pretty much every day. But anyways, I think... I mean, I'd have to talk to more people, to be sure, but I think... a lot of contractors in, like, the... I feel like it's overkill. Like, I don't I don't know that they do. that a lot of them do anything. Like, they maybe use QuickBooks, but, like, they probably do either Excel or pen and paper estimates. Apple notes written somewhere. Probably, yeah, I... I'd give you surprised at how... how primitive some of it is. So anyways, I think, I was talking to my buddy on Thursday and he was saying, he uses, I forget the name of the software that he uses for his estruments, but he pays $150 for a software that does estimates. And it's like, supposedly, so I don't know how familiar are you with this whole process, I guess I can just back up. I guess that was, um... I think like your workflow you wrote out tonight helped a lot, but I think I guess that was where I was kind of confused when you were texting. Yeah. Because it's just foreign to me completely. Yeah. So, it almost always starts with an estimate. So there's I guess a couple different kind of contractors. like a general contractor, I'm sure you've heard that term, but like a GC would hire, they would be in charge of a project. The electricians, the plumbers, the flooring guys, whatever. Yeah, exactly. So, like, if you wanted to build a house, you would hire a general contractor, and then they would hire out subcontractors to do each different scope of work. So, like, a GC would handle 10 or 15 scopes of work. And so, yeah. If you, as you, as the new homeowner would, would send, would get bids from her estimates, bids, whatever you want to call it, from 3 or 4 different GCs, and so it's, so they would all say, we can build this scope of work for a $1000000 or whatever. whatever it is. And so what they would be doing when they before they submitted that estimate is they would be going through and they would be saying, you know, how many hours is it going to take to do this scope? How many, how much am I gonna spend in materials? What equipment are we gonna need? And then, are we gonna hire out subs for any of this works? Like, they'll probably hire an electrician. They probably hire plumbers. How much is that going to cost? Mhm. And so then the GC would be going to electricians, plumbers, all of them, and they would be saying, bid this specific scope of this project. I got you. And so it's kind of a, so it's kind of a 2 or 3 level process, you know, like, And then even if, even if they go, like, in a subcontract for the foundation, you know, the foundation subcontractor might hire somebody out to do the excavation. It's like it can it can waterfall from there. But each of these contractors is putting together an estimate over a specific scope of work. Right. And as far as the GC is concerned, they only care about, you know, what the subcontractor is going to charge them, right? So. Yeah, so usually it's like, it usually be a lump sum contract. So just a, yeah, the... Yeah, it's not like a constantly getting more complex estimate necessarily. Yeah, so I guess usually the GC would look at the line items and just make sure that all the prices are reasonable. Like, so that was part of what I did at Q it, is we would get, we would get different bids. So we would send out a scope of work. So the scope would be, you know, 50 outlets and a 200 inp panel or whatever for the electrician. And then they would say, for the panel, it'll cost as much for the wiring of a cost as much for the outlets, it'll cost as much. And so you can kind of look at that and just make sure that they're ballparked. To make like their unit pricing is, but yeah, you, but like the GC at the end of the day, they would just have one lump sum number from each other, so. Yep. Gotcha. So they would do the they would do the estimating process with their own kind of like labor materials, et cetera. And then with the bids that they get from the subs, and then that'd kind of be the whole estimate process. Yeah, so I guess you could come at it, you wouldn't just have to target TCs. You could target anybody. So, like, you could target, like, an electrician that's just doing... Just doing subcontracting work. So, everyone is gonna need some sort of software to do these assessments for them. Sure. And so there are tools out there, I know, so it's like, um... So, another, some other people, you know, work at a drywall company, and so kind of what happens is the engineer will send out, or whoever, or the GC will send out these plans, basically. So like a blueprint of they do hospitals. So they would send out a blueprint of these hospitals, and then the drywall company would have to, they call it a takeoff, so they have to basically figure out, based on the blueprints, how much, how many, like, torpedo drywall they have to do. And so there are some pieces of software that do parts of this. Like, it would help with the takeoffs that would help put this estimate together. Like, you could just upload your blueprints for the software, and it, based on that, it would take all the measurements and it would, it would help with some of that. And so, that's what I'm not sure about. I'd have to do some research on is like, what kind of tools exist to help with these estimates? But I think the value proposition would be to do, like, an all in one software that goes from estimate. So, like, you put the estimate together, and then from there, if you win the bid, it goes on to, you can just, like, transition that estimate. because you already have your, you already have all your scopes laid out. So when you actually do the work, you have what estimated, and then as you complete the work, you basically track against those scopes that you estimated. So, for example, if you're doing drywall, like, if you do a thousand square feet of drywall a day, you can enter that into a sheet somewhere and you can say how long it took. And so from there, I think, I would think you can generate, you'd have to configure this, obviously, but you can generate invoices based on that. So, like, you can say, we did 50% of this, go 50% of this, go 50% of this scope. So this is what we're going to bill for those. You can generate a voice based on that tracking, and then you can also track your actuals against your estimate. So that tells you how accurate your bid was. Right. Which is valuable for future. Yeah, exactly. So it's valuable for your current job, so you can see, like, if your materials are costing more than you anticipated, or if your workers are going slow for whatever reason, you can know exactly what the issue is. Instead of just saying, you know, we're over $10,000 in this project. I have no idea where. Right, it would tell you exactly where you're going over, and then exactly. So you can, you can use that, that data, and that information to inform your future bids. on where you struggled last time and how to adjust your bid, basically. No, that makes sense to me. Is the, um, is the, um, The invoicing process is that always gonna be, so you, like if you build 20 grand or whatever and just to simplify 10 is for labor and 10s materials, are you always gonna charge, like, are the materials and labor gonna be fixed? Are they going to change for the, like, obviously for the person doing the work, it's depends on what actually happens. But for, like, who they bit it to, do they always pay, like, the 20 grand or whatever, regardless of? Who are you talking about? Are you talking about like a general contract? That makes sense. Yeah, say yeah, say a GC, like hires a plumber or whatever, and they bid 20 grand and it ends up costing the plumber like 30 because of labor or whatever. That's on the plumber, yeah. Usually, usually these bits are at risk. So the invoicing part is like, I guess how does the invoid? Is the invoice all, like, just for the plumber's reference, essentially, since the bid is kind of where the pricing happens, or? Yeah, so I guess there's a couple different, I don't want to oversimplify. There's a couple different contract models. So a lot of times it's like, So, from the GP, I know more from a GC perspective. I't know as much from a general perspective, but there's like cost plus contracts, which is what the government does a lot of times with like. Yeah, what it costs plus your overhead. Both 10% or whatever. So that is that is like owner at risk. So if the if there's overages, then, you know, you're you're billing 100% of your cost plus your overhead. So like the contractor will never take a loss on that. A lot of them are like, so there's like construction manager at risk or EPC, which is engineer procure construct, which is more for bigger projects, but a lot of, almost, normally it's the, the owner or the constr- or the, sorry, the contractor taking on the risk. It's like, yeah, if you, if you take more, have more labor cost or more material cost or whatever, that's on you. Yeah, you should have. I didn't know a better bit, I guess. Yeah. So for smaller contractors, it's probably a little bit more nuanced because a lot of times, you know, like a remodel, like if the you bid based on a certain amount, but then you tear off the drywall and there's a ton of mold that you have to remediate. Generally, the contractor would not pay for that because that's a, that's not a known issue, like, but if you just make a mistake on your bid or, or whatever, then, yeah, you, a lot of times it's a contractor risk, and you have to, you have to perform, you sign a contract that says, we're gonna do the scope of work. And then you have... either, like, payment milestones, still be on a bigger project, but yeah. Okay, that makes sense. But yeah, so you'd have like payment milestones, like foundation complete, you get paid 50 grand. Breaming complete, you can pay 50 grand and so on and so on and so on. For subcontracts, it's probably just like, I don't know, you probably just get paid off. Yeah, probably more like all or nothing. But, yeah, you just say, like, we're gonna do the scope of work for 10 grand, and when the work is complete and inspected, you get you get paid that 10 grand, because you know, if the job's only a week, you're not gonna have, like, milestones set up or anything like that. Yeah. No, that makes sense. I think I was thinking of invoicing is like more of like the receipt for, like, whoever hired out the contractor, but you're saying it's more of kind of the record keeping of what it actually cost. Um, and why? Um, no. So the invoice would be just what you are owed by... So in the case of a subcontract, it'd be whatever the GCOs you, whatever your contract outlines. Okay. And so. That would probably take a little. I'd probably oversimplified it in my in my flow chart. And I don't know how well that would work, but I guess my thought is, like, you... Maybe this wouldn't be the case all times, Mom. I guess how I thought, how I was kind of thinking things would work is, like, you got 5 scopes of work, and then when something is complete, then you can bill for that scope. And so like, When Foundations is 100% complete, you generate invoice and it generates an invoice for that portion. I guess. that you don't send to the DC. But that might not always be the case on, like, smaller projects that'd be pretty dependent on the contract you sign. Okay. So, I don't know if that, I don't know if that would, that would take more thought, I guess. Yeah. No, that makes sense. But I think, just to start, if you could get a tool that helps with estimating and that helps track the actual work, I think that would be more than what a lot of people are doing right now. And you can start there, and then you can work your way out from there, like, I really doubt a lot of these people are doing scheduling, but, you know, that would be another valuable piece, is, like, we think the foundation's gonna take a week if it takes a week and 2 days. Like, that's useful information to track against, and you can see how you're Right. No, yeah, the the dashboard and kind of the the data and backwards looking pieces, I think, fairly straightforward. For the estimating piece, um... I guess what does like... Obviously, like, the ideal pie in the sky version is, like you said, like you upload a blueprint and it's just like, it already knows what drywall costs and knows how to make a reasonable estimate. All that. I guess wear on a scale of like, you punch in your own estimates to like, you know, that, are we like realistically trying to hit? I think you just, so, if you put on that 2nd picture I sent you, yeah. So, I think the way that I see it is you have that work breakdown structure so that WBS structure. So it would, you'd have to find some way to customize this, but the idea is you have that, that WBS structure setup so that you can select one of those items. So do you understand how that works? Like, your main, your whole project is one.0, and then each subsegment is like one. one, one.2, one.3. And from there you have you have further global. Yeah. So each, so the idea is that you select, when you're putting assessments together, you select one of those, your terminal points. So like, in this case, one. one.one for grading. And so for your grading, you have X, um, cubic feet of of dirt work to do. And so you would just type in your quantity. So that would be a quantity like cubic feet or linear feet or square foot or whatever. And is that... That's something that, you know, that people that would be using the software would have a pretty good grasp of when they are looking at the job, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so you have so basically you have a drop down, like you select that, and then select your unit. and then you can just type in your quantity. So, as a way to generate the quantities, I don't know if you could do, like, an API call to one of those other softwares, if that would be something feasible or, I don't know if, like, uh... Oh, you're saying like... Um, for more of like the schematics into estimating the quantity, or you're saying quantity into estimating the cost? No, it's like getting the schematics estimate, the quantities. Okay, because your cost is more quantities. Right. So I guess the other portion of that is the, um, I guess I don't know anything about the economics of like pricing, um, you know, concrete or whatever. Like, is that gonna be? Is that gonna be something that they punch in in the in the software? Is that gonna be just kind of a baseline estimate for I mean, because I assume the pricing's different around the country or whatever. For sure. Yeah, you can just have like a step. Yeah, so every concrete person should know, like, a cubic foot of concrete costs this much. Yeah. For materials, and then it takes us this many hours to, you know, they should have a rough idea of that. Right. Right. That can also usually be like a preset, right? Like save as default type thing. Yeah. Yeah. Or they could just... Yeah, and then I guess the idea would be eventually you get data on historical buildup. that you can... That would be very valuable, actually. Exactly, yeah. So you can say, like, for jobs, for jobs similar to this, in the same town, like, for a job in Amman, where there was, where you previously did 24 cubic yards of concrete, it cost X amount, it cost you know, $50 per cubic foot. There's also, yeah, totally. Um, there's also probably a, like a, this is way down the line, but there's probably a hypothetical crossover point where, like, just having the data on what people are paying for materials becomes more valuable than the app itself. Uh, maybe. I mean, a lot of that, a lot of the stuff is like commodities, like. That true. It's probably like a pretty standard pricing. That's fair. I mean, maybe, but I'd have to think about that. In my mind, I guess I was thinking, there's value in, if you know, you can go get, you know, whatever commodity in Fremont for 10% cheaper than Elkhorn. That's a valuable piece of information for, like, a product of its own. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. That's probably an extreme. Yeah, that's an extreme difference probably. Regardless, yeah, no, I think I think that makes sense, though, would be useful for... For sure, like historical comparison. So, So that's part of it. And then the other part of it is that cost breakdown structure. So, Basically, the starting point would be like those 5 items, labor, materials, equipment. Subs, and then overhead and profit. And you kind of understand how that ties together. So, like, each kernel item will have tossed in each of those cost breakdown categories. Yeah, the ABCD. Yeah. So, just for terminology's sake, so, like, Each of those crossover points, so, like, we're the one. one.one intersects with A per labor, that's a control account. So, where your WBS and your CBS intersects is a control account. Okay. A control account? example. Yeah. So in this example, each, each terminal WBS item would have 5 control accounts associated, associated with it, one for each CBS item. Makes sense. And then this would, this, the, the CBS would stay roughly the same for every, every person using this. Okay. You might be able, you might, you might make it more complex if there's, you know, if you have an outlier for some reason or like if someone wanted more detail. But that WBS, that WBS would be significantly different from, you know, like a concrete company would be significantly different than a painter. And so that would probably have to be customizable somehow. But I guess what we did, so what we did at Kewitt, is we had, is we had, um, this massive, like, 100,000 line of WBS terminal items, basically. And on each project, you would select, you know, the 500 of those that were associated with your project and build out your WBS that way. Say that again. So, you have basically one master list of the BBS items. So then each contractor can go in and they can say, you know, if you're a concrete company, I use. Yeah. Yeah, I ingrading use 4 more things that we care about. And you can, yeah, and you can select those basically. And so that would be, you can like customize it that way. That makes sense. So that way, you don't have to have each contractor working from a list of, you know, 500 WBS items, because most most fully, you probably tend to 20. You could probably like, yeah, I mean, I don't know that we need to worry about this right off the bat, but there's probably some, like, probably be pretty easy to put like a default preset for each type of contractor and then just like have a drop down that they select, whatever. Yeah, to customize it. That makes sense. So, let me get another piece of paper. I can, I kind of got, well, I guess you can probably, you can probably picture this, but, like, my vision for the estimating tool would be, like, you'd have... dropdowns, basically. So you, like, have a drop down on the far left that selects your WBS level. So, like, say grading, for example. So you click into a drop-down menu and you start grading. And then it's got columns for each of your CBS items, basically. Do you have labor, you'd have your hours, and then your, like your unit rate? And then materials, equipment, and so on. It would get... Well, there'd be, like, some, there'd be some things to work through, like, so for labor, usually you have different, for a small amount of contracts, so you'd have, like, your 4 guys. So like, Abby makes 20 bucks an hour. Colin makes 25 an hour. Have you worked 20 hours on this project? I have Colin work 30 hours on this project, and you can just take your hours, anchor, times here marked up. You're marked up, um, labor rate. So there'd be some things to figure out what that like. And then for some, it'd be like, labor, one, labor, two, labor, three. You have different job titles and each job title has a rate that they get paid. So there'd be stuff to figure out what, like, that, like, how you, how do you make that work, or, like, how it looks aesthetically? Yeah, the layout of it, I think, doesn't. UI, yeah. I mean, just the UI. It's a little clunky to think about that part, probably. But we could, I mean, I'm sure you figured, you figure something out, like... That's one of those kind of fine tuning things. But yeah, the general idea is you select, so you select your your terminal WBS item. Yeah, so grading. And you select your, yeah, so for greetings, for example, if you select your quantities, So he's like, you know, 500 cubic feet or whatever, you select your labor 50 hours of flavor or whatever. Your hours, you get estimate your hours, and then your rate somehow is like that. You know, and you could probably preload in. you know, you could have like, have you guys preloaded in? He's like, Colin, and Colin's gonna work 30 hours, and you know his rate, and that's that's built in. And then you have your equipment, so, like, your dozer, usually that cost is by the day, I think, but, you know, that would depend on if you owned or rented it or whatever. So, again, you probably, like, prepopulate a list of your equipment in there, and, you know, you're, if you own equipment, I think, typically, like, you own it, and then you rent it to yourself, basically, for these jobs. But that's an accounting detail that... Sure. A little bit more complex, but you select the equipments you're gonna use for that specific scope of work, or, you know, if you're gonna sub it out, you just type in the subcontract amount, basically. And then you have your overhead and your profit is usually a percentage, like 10% overhead, 10% profit or whatever. Mhm. That makes sense. So that's your, so your UI is, you have as many rows as you can eat pro, as a different terminal control account. Or, excuse me, a terminal WBS item, and then you have, you know, for each job, you have 8 or 10 WBS items. You go one by one, you select each of those. And then from there, once you get all of your WBS items populated, you press a button and it, it populates your estimate that you send off. So you'd have, you know, your logo, your date, your contact information, all pre-populated, and you press a button and it loads all that information into an testament. Uh-huh. And the restaurant's like, I can... Working our rift on, we got a helium, we're gonna get redone, so I can send you some examples from Millet Griffin. Yeah. Wow. I think, yeah, we can make it look however we want in terms of the the output PDF or whatever is easy. Uh, email you said? First name, last name, 99 at Gmail? Oh, I'm 399. Yeah. I wonder, um, for the layout of, um, like populating, for example, like your your laborers. I wonder if you could have, like, it could just be kind of like the whole thing could just be like a nested structure, like, you got your your grating underneath that. You click on, you know, um, whatever, like labor. So, and honestly, maybe not even nesting, like it could even just pop up like a little, like, UI thing that hovers over kind of like your table, and you just kind of check your people out of a list or search them or whatever. And then... So I just, yeah. So I just forwarded you our roofing, it's roofing gutterance hiding. So, they... I mean, you kind of get the idea, though, of what an esmo would look like. So they've got the I dont know if they've pulled up yet. I just got it. hold on. Mr. Purdy. Yeah, okay, I'm looking at it. So they've got the quantity, like the sheeting, the bottom line, the sheeting. So that's like the plywood that goes underneath her shingles. This is way more difficult. So they've got that quantity. So they've got 2023 square feet of sheeting. And their price, that would be inclusive of labor, is how they estimated this. So they said they're, they're all in cost for the material and the labor, for that specific scope is $3.28 per square foot. That would be another way to do it. I see what you're looking at. Yeah. That makes sense. This is very detailed. Yeah, so then how they do it is they, at the very bottom, they've got their subtotal. Mm-hmm. They've got a red and profit calculated that at the bottom in that section. So I think that's just 10% for each. And then that sighting, halfway on the 2nd page, They've just got that sighting bit item so that they sub that out so that, that sighting. That makes sense. That's what I think we've got one line item. one siding each, yeah. 45, 8, and then I guess they have their overhead profit under each sub. So anyways, their their WBS structure. one, it'd be one. One rough, one. one.one tear off, one. the shingles. One. ice and water shield and so on and so forth, right? Gotcha. That makes sense. So these are all, um, These would all be, what was the term? gratings? controlling tunnels. Well, well, so it'd be the W so the left would be the W the work breakdown structure. And then, like, the price would be a control account. But the intersection between Yeah, the intersect, I get, yeah, that makes sense. Okay. So there's a little bit different than what, but similar concept. This is probably like a pretty standard invoice generated from like a software. Yeah, I don't. I don't know how they did this. This might even be like external. I'm surprised that this is Excel. Someone might be typing it up. just printed Excel. I know this guy's in our small group as well. I can ask him how they generate this. Interesting. Cool. Yeah, I think that makes sense. I think, I'm curious, I guess you, like, you talked to contractors a lot from the sounds of it. Like, what are they frustrated with with their software? Because. I guess that would be the what we want to ride. So the guy I talked on Thursday, he said, it's slow. They have issues with, like, their QuickBooks integration, so that's the other thing. You can, if you really want to get crazy, you can integrate, like, your, um, what's it called? Your, um, code of accounts. So, like, QuickBooks associates all of your cost into different buckets. So, like, for taxes, basically, I think. Yeah, that makes sense. I don't know, I don't know exactly how quick this works, but that would be, he said that, you know, the QuickBooks integration doesn't work very well. kind of a pain. It takes a lot of manual labor to get quick books correct. Mm-hmm. So that I would have to do research. I know much about QuickBooks and how that would all work, but, you know, if you can integrate that as well, that would be one thing. But he said the estimating tool is just not, it's not reliable. It's not very fast. And it just doesn't... It doesn't work the best and it doesn't agree. I think, yeah. But I think that's why, like, if you have one, I think if you have one that takes you through the whole process of it, if it starts from the estimate, it's gonna be, like, once you have the estimate, you already have the scope of work laid out. You already have your estimated quantities. You should just be able to press a button, and you should be able to track your work against that. And I don't know that there's anything out there that's reliable. It can do that. Or if it does, it just has so many features that people don't know how to use it or it's too clunky or whatever. Yeah, I think if you can just simplify that, and just make it work well, just do that. You know, that, just... Because that was the kind of thing looking at Procore was like, it does, it feels, like, feels like based on the demo videos. I watched, like, it seems like it does everything, but also like would be very overwhelming to learn, for example. Yeah, I think I think a lot of these guys, like, also just don't need that much, unfortunately. No, they're not. Well, they're not computer savvy. Like, they're good at electrical, they're not good at computers. Yeah, that's fine, but, you know, you need... They just want, like, a super simple. Yep. And you're right, they don't, like, I think there's, you know, there's a bunch of other ideas that you can add eventually. Like you can, for each WBS item, you know, like for your grading, for example, you can put like schedule dates in there so you can say, you know, this will take 2 weeks, and then you can track it into your schedule performance, but that's, that might, that's probably too complex for, like a lot of these people are probably not doing that. And that's probably too complex for a lot of them. And like, they don't even, they don't want that or they don't need that. So, I mean, like, you could develop that and make that an optional feature, but I, I don't even know how many people would, like, that's not your MP, your minimum Bible product. Yeah. I don't know how many people are actually would actually use that. But, you know, everyone's doing estimates. Everyone should be tracking their work. I don't know if everyone is, but everyone should be tracking their word, because, like, you don't know if you're making or losing money if you're not tracking your work. That's, that's basic. That's critical. And everyone is sending out invoices. It's like, if you can put on those 3 and improve those and just make it in one package that works, I think you've got something. And then from there, you can, You can expand out, you can try to, you know, you can try to integrate it to QuickBooks, so you can do a little bit more on the accounting side. Like you can, you can go from there. But I think, I really think MVP is, is getting an estimating tool that works, once you win the bid, flip it to it, cracking software, basically, and then have a tracking software that works. and then generated voices. Yeah. I think that's great. Um... Yeah, I guess one other thing, for the main kind of like, the 1st thing that you should, like, see as, like, you're using this type of software, should be probably a list of all of your projects you're bidding on and all the projects you're working on actively, right? Yes, exactly, exactly. Yep. Yep, yep. And then beyond that, you know, you can click into them and it goes into more detail either direction. Exactly. Yes. Yeah, so you'd have, like, you could maybe do, like, sections, like, you know, bids or... Yeah, you could make it tabular or whatever and do, like... Yeah, exactly. Yep. Ben's active and archived or whatever. Yep. And then, you know, eventually you probably have, like, tabs on the side for, like, reporting or whatever as you build out, but, but the main, the main starting point would just be, here's what we're working on. And it just kind of intelligently either goes to the estimating or the tracking based on the status. Of the project. Yep. makes sense. Yeah. No, I think that this. I think it's all, it all makes sense. Obviously, like, as far as, like, the list of, you know, the 100s of WBSs or whatever that need to be selectable and all that, we can figure out, um, once the kind of, like, core logic is set up. But. Yeah, and that's like, I can work on more, that's just more my experience, so I can, I can do more of that stuff, like the, I just don't, we don't have a ton of time to actually build this. So that's, I think that's what I'm excited about is just dividing and conquering and Yeah. No, I think I, I definitely have experience with. doing similar stuff so I can, I think I can take a good, good crack at it, hopefully. Um... And yeah, I don't, as for, like, hosting it, I think, like, AWBS is probably your best bet, unless you, I don't really want to, I don't want to sell close to our house, 'cause I don't want to be responsible for... I know. I hate... I hate AWS, but, um, The, yeah, I mean, even if you had perfect Wi-Fi, that's a lot of work, but, um, Ours has been reliable. Really? We definitely don't, but, um, Yeah, I don't know. Self-hosting is probably not worth it when you have paying customers. who are relying on it being up when they need it. Yeah. I mean, my other thought is, like, you have a starling backup. And, but... You could, but then you're paying more, probably, for the Starling subscription than for just self-hosting it, because it's really not probably going to be that expensive, at least for, you know. For a while. Um, but yeah, I think that's a, that's a problem for once we have kind of a locally running prototype and everything. And, um, I have a, I have a server at my house now. I got it set up so we can have to our house. locally. What do you mean? You have a server? Yeah, I have a, I bought a, I just have an old computer that I bought on Facebook Marketplace and I set up a Linux server on it. So. Oh cool. Yeah, I think, um, I can figure out, like, the best way to kind of, um, like share a live, like, in development type version. I think probably the best bet is to put it on something like GitHub, and then if you want to, like, go in and mess around with stuff and, um, see what, like, um, you know, just kind of like look at it and see the live version or whatever, that would be probably the best way to collaborate on it. Yeah. So it's like cloudhouse, but... Yeah, I'll figure. If you just get up a tiny bit, but yeah, if you probably know more than I do about that sort of stuff. Yeah, I've used it more for, like, um, collaboration on, like, classes and stuff, obviously, but, um, I would imagine that it's pretty straightforward, just translated it into hosting, like, an actual app on it. As long as we can both set cloud code or cloud code to run at it, I'm good. I'm gonna have to have that. Yeah, you actually, um, I've actually really enjoyed, uh, Microsoft's product, GitHubCopilot lately. Oh, yeah? Um, because you can run Claude with it, but it's 10 bucks a month instead of, um, like per token or 200. Oh, I have, I have Claude, um, Pro for 20 bucks a month. Does it work in cloud code now? The 20 buck come up? That was he's gonna say that? Dang? okay. good to know Yeah, the model prices are coming down a lot, which is nice. Co-pilot charges like per prompt rather than per token. Oh, I would get so nervous. I would hate to prompt if I didn't know I was paying to each. Yeah. But they have way more prompts than you need, so. Regardless, yeah, we can point. Yeah, I think the main thing, point whatever, um, Claude Coder, copilot at it, and it'll work. We just, we'll have to have like a, um, we can figure this out. We have to have like a development versus like, um, active kind of branches and not let Clyde code go breaking a bunch of stuff, but, Yeah. Okay. All, um... Yeah, I will do some more thinking on the WBS. I'll try to get like a list put together. I can't, I kind of started this, like, because an Excel-based project a while ago when I gave up. I think I lost that file, but Um, I can work on getting the WBS, just like some of the conceptual stuff put together. Yeah. And I'll probably put it in, like, an Excel or Google Sheets or whatever. You can also, yeah, if you also want to just think about, like, UI stuff in general, because I think that'll be, like, I probably want to think about how we want to, like, actually host the, um, the data and how we want to, just kind of like the structure of the whole thing in terms of the project and what would work best, and then we can think about the UI after that's also. Right? Yeah. I mean, it might be like a really simple data structure, but... Well, you'll have to have it, you'll have to Yeah, you'll have to have a, right, some sort of structure that is just, yeah. I think it will be pretty simple, but I'll have to think about all, like, just, like, the columns and how that would all. Yeah, that's what... It's always something we talked about this in tabular form, I'd imagine, but... I don't know, maybe it's been more complex than that. No, yeah, I would assume. It could be pretty simple. Well, that's what I'll think about first, I guess. Okay. Okay, I'll do some I'll do some, I don't know when I'll have time for this. I've got kind of a busy week at work and Yeah, no worries. For weekends, not busy too, but I'll do some tinkering. Oh, I'm just, I don't eat. Oh, obviously she'll make time for me, even though she's got a bunch of stuff going on. Have you been listening in on this full conversation, taking notes? So she's gonna feed it all into... The, uh... Taking the meeting minutes? You guys should be getting on a Zoom call or whatever and having an AI bot on it that you have just a work of memory everything you're doing. I, uh, I, I actually record every call that I take for work stuff and I just upload it as a transcript. Let's start it and then I just point like Claude code at it. And I'm like, hey, do you remember what I talked about 2 weeks ago in my meeting with my boss? Yeah, used, well, use what you... I like that one because then you have metadata you can highlight as the call is going. What did you call it? It's called Fathom, F-A-T-H-O-M. It has an API that you can call at any and then you can have metadata, like highlight, mid call, and, like, leave notes on a highlight, and then it, you can, like, share the link to that exact highlight. I think it's That cool. recording tools. I've just been, dang. Yeah, that's good to know. I figured there was a product out there. I just haven't looked for it. I've been literally just using like voice memos and transcribing it. I guess I, I have all, like, digital calls, like a Zoom call. I don't take phone calls. Yeah, me too. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah, um, yeah, sounds good. I think this, this for sure helps me, like, start thinking about things. I think I was, I didn't really know what the, what the plan was or project idea was even. So. Well, yeah, I have a better idea. all yours, but... No, I think this I think this is cool. I think it makes sense that, um, it'd be useful. I don't know. Um, like what we can charge, but, um, I think my target's 500 bucks a month. I think it 500 bucks a month, if you get 10 contractors on board, that's 60 grand a year. You know, that's some serious money. Yeah, that's more than But that's kind of my 500 bucks a month, I think, is kind of my target. But that would, it's a bit of a high bar because you have to have... Mm-hmm. It really works on place really clean for that, for that much. Right. But, yeah. Anything less than that is like, I don't know, it just feel like you get, you know, you, something breaks once a week and you get, you just get stuck, stuck spending so much more time on it, just trying to keep it up and running, and it's just not worth it. Yeah, it's great that you have, like, I mean, you know, people that would be willing to test it and, like, would give feedback too on, like, what it's actually worth. So. Yeah. Yeah. It's not really going to cost anything to develop any of this. No, it'll probably be like... $20 a month to host it or whatever and some work. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Oh, I think we should talk about sexual harassment policy for company. Very pro. And we need to get more, um, minorities involved. I think our secretary, which seems a little sexist, but that's that's problematic already. Um, yeah, I'm a big, big DEI guy. I think we should hire some gays and minorities for sure. Yeah, you can you can get on that. Maybe we need an HR run by a gay person. That'd be good. There you go. Yeah. Sweet. Yeah, maybe maybe the, maybe Abby, the stenographer, could write up our our, um, DI policy force. Back to number one. Lights only. That's actually, before we do any thinking about any of the app, we should probably write that. White whites only. I need to make sure we're compliant with, what is it, GDPR? Make sure we're. Oh, yeah. I want to make sure that this is gonna work in the EU. be compliant. I personally, um, would like to leak all of our data to the Chinese if that's okay. Phone numbers, addresses, client lists, the whole works, credit card numbers. Sure. Sweet. I'm sure they'd pay. All right. Okay. I think we're done. I even sent over her note share notes with you. Excellent. There we go. I can't, I will. Let's go. Cool. All right. We'll get it working. Talk to you later. Sounds good. Ill see you guys. Bye. There?